README.md, before:

# datacollect


**A collection of tools to collect and download various data.**

Often, I write simple scripts and tools to collect data for various "data science" tasks. I thought that it might be worthwhile to collect them in a central repository since they might be useful to others!

<br>


## [Collect Lyrics](./collect_lyrics)

A [command line tool](./collect_lyrics) to download song lyrics given artist names and song titles. 

![](./collect_lyrics/images/example_out.png)

<br>
<br>

## [Twitter Timeline](./twitter_timeline)

A [command line tool](./twitter_timeline) that downloads your personal twitter timeline in CSV format with optional keyword filter.

![](./twitter_timeline/images/python_tweets.png)

[Tutorial](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/rasbt/datacollect/blob/master/dataviz/twitter_cloud/twitter_wordcloud.ipynb) for turning your twitter timeline into a word cloud.
![](./dataviz/twitter_cloud/my_twitter_wordcloud_2_lowres.jpg)

<br>
<br>

## [Collect Popular Music Tags](./collect_music_tags)

A [command line tool](./collect_music_tags) to download popular tags for a list of songs from [last.fm](http://www.last.fm), e.g., for various data mining projects.

![](./collect_music_tags/images/example.png)

<br>
<br>

## [PDB Info Table](./pdb_infotable)

A [command line tool](./pdb_infotable) that creates an info table from a list of PDB files.

![](./pdb_infotable/images/example.png)


<br>
<br>

## [Collect Fantasy Soccer Data](./collect_fantasysoccer)

A [command line tool](./collect_fantasysoccer) to Collect Fantasy Soccer data  from the Premier League.
![](./collect_fantasysoccer/images/example_table.png)

Commit message:

added Premier League Soccer Standings collector

README.md, after:

# datacollect


**A collection of tools to collect and download various data.**

Often, I write simple scripts and tools to collect data for various "data science" tasks. I thought that it might be worthwhile to collect them in a central repository since they might be useful to others!

#### Contents
- [Collect Lyrics](./collect_lyrics)
- [Twitter Timeline](./twitter_timeline)
- [Collect Popular Music Tags](./collect_music_tags)
- [PDB Info Table](./pdb_infotable)
- [Collect Fantasy Soccer Data](./collect_fantasysoccer)
- [Premier League Soccer Standings](./epl_standings)
<br>
<br>
<br>

## [Collect Lyrics](./collect_lyrics)

[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./collect_lyrics) to download song lyrics given artist names and song titles. 

![](./collect_lyrics/images/example_out.png)

<br>
<br>

## [Twitter Timeline](./twitter_timeline)
[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./twitter_timeline) that downloads your personal twitter timeline in CSV format with optional keyword filter.

![](./twitter_timeline/images/python_tweets.png)

[Tutorial](http://nbviewer.ipython.org/github/rasbt/datacollect/blob/master/dataviz/twitter_cloud/twitter_wordcloud.ipynb) for turning your twitter timeline into a word cloud.
![](./dataviz/twitter_cloud/my_twitter_wordcloud_2_lowres.jpg)

<br>
<br>

## [Collect Popular Music Tags](./collect_music_tags)
[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./collect_music_tags) to download popular tags for a list of songs from [last.fm](http://www.last.fm), e.g., for various data mining projects.

![](./collect_music_tags/images/example.png)

<br>
<br>

## [PDB Info Table](./pdb_infotable)
[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./pdb_infotable) that creates an info table from a list of PDB files.

![](./pdb_infotable/images/example.png)


<br>
<br>

## [Collect Fantasy Soccer Data](./collect_fantasysoccer)
[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./collect_fantasysoccer) to Collect Fantasy Soccer data  from the Premier League.
![](./collect_fantasysoccer/images/example_table.png)


<br>
<br>

## [Premier League Soccer Standings](./epl_standings)
[[back to top](#contents)]

A [command line tool](./epl_standings)  to download the current Premier League Soccer standings from http://www.espnfc.com.

![](./epl_standings/images/example_table.png)
